so this is definitely a case where like
if y'all are in this situation i would
highly highly recommend a mental health
evaluation all right how do you stop
being racist i'm 18 year old male and
pinoy living in seattle i wasn't racist
until three months ago when i started to
get a sense of racial hierarchy it's
basically all the stereotypes it's some
kind of internal evil that came forward
or brainwashing i picked up from the
media i consume i feel like i can't
trust people unless they're asian and i
have an obsession with asian superiority
i've spent months binge reading and
binge watching youtube channels about
how race isn't real and i know it's
wrong to be racist logically speaking
but can't make myself fully believe it
okay let's pause here already okay
so we just talked for a second
about ego syntonic and ego dystonic okay
so as a reminder ego syntonic thoughts
are thoughts that like enter your mind
and align with who you are and ego
dystonic thoughts are ones that enter
your mind and like don't align with who
you are
so if we think about someone and
remember they're not necessarily good or
bad right so you can have good ego
syntonic thoughts or you can have bad
ego syntonic thoughts
so people who are like actually racist
generally speaking will have racist
thoughts that are ego syntonic so
they'll say to people like oh you know
like these immigrants should leave my
country immigrants are bad they're nasty
whatever they're lazy like whatever so
like someone is happy to have those
thoughts they think those thoughts are
correct they love to share them with the
world they think that they like kind of
align with things right so what we're
seeing here are ego dystonic racist
thoughts
so this person like recognizes they have
these thoughts and they're like trying
to brainwash themselves something
happened three months ago where they
kind of like you know
started having like these racist
thoughts and now they're trying to like
brainwash themselves in the opposite
direction so that's very ego-dystonic
okay so this like it's sort of like i
recognize these thoughts are wrong so
let me try to fix them so if you're
trying you know if you don't like the
thoughts that you're having they're ego
dystonic so let's keep going
okay
so
i've spent um
i start to doubt content creators and
get suspicious about their intentions if
they aren't asian i get so uncomfortable
that i have to watch something else at
the same time while i just listen if i
care about their opinion
i like i like the more
i feel like the more i try to
desensitize myself to non-asian people
the more uncomfortable i get right so
this is where do you guys see like the
ego ego destonicness here there's like
they're trying to fix it
but the more they expose themselves to
non-asian people the more uncomfortable
they get
um
so i'm going to go ahead
uh
so there's some stuff here about like
i'm worried that i'll become violent
lose control and commit hate crimes
um
i'm afraid to go outdoors because i
might snap i was going to go to college
and get a job but i cancelled it all and
did nothing
with my life because i didn't feel well
so we're gonna go ahead and pause here
for a second too
so this is definitely a case where like
if y'all are in this situation i would
highly highly recommend a mental health
evaluation
so here's the key thing to remember
mental health evaluations are not
necessarily about
whether you're ill or not ill i know
that sounds kind of weird because we're
talking about mental health evaluations
right so i think the main thing to
remember is that if whatever is going on
is impairing your function and
preventing you from living the life that
you want you should go get evaluated by
a mental health professional so this is
a case of an 18 year old person who was
gonna go to college and now isn't going
to college that's the kind of thing that
we call in the field of psychiatry
impairment of function
so this isn't it's not an issue of like
whether you actually have a
neurochemical imbalance or not that's
not really kind of like what we're
talking about here
it could be it couldn't be but my point
is that if your life is is so severely
impacted by this stuff whether you have
a real diagnosis or don't have a real
diagnosis that's irrelevant like the
main thing is that you want to live a
particular life and something is going
on inside your mind that is preventing
you from reading
from living this life
so if y'all meet that kind of criteria
you should definitely go and see a
mental health professional does that
make sense
so it's it's really about impairment to
function because this is i want you all
to think about mental health
professionals is like they're not just
about treating the sick okay
mental health professionals are a
resource for you to utilize
to build the life that you want that's
why we're here we're a tool in your
toolbox right it's kind of like happy
hour run around with like debuffs at
half hp and you keep on wiping when you
zone in it's like this person trying to
zone into college and they've got like
20 hp and like i'll have all these
stacking concentration debuffs minus 50
to concentration mana pool is cut in
half and you're zoning in and you're
wiping
so if that's the case like if you all
are zoning in and wiping and you're not
able to like live the life that you want
to live go get evaluated by a mental
health professional
you